We were always just called the Bible students, and brother Russell kind of encouraged that.
He said, we didn't want to be known by any distinctive name, just Bible students.
And I appreciated his viewpoint on that.
The trouble was that people began to call us Russellites and Rutherfordites.
Not only that, but the term Christian itself became a misnomer.
Many people said there were Christians, and they didn't have any ideas to what a Christian meant.
Their identity would be considered at a seven-day convention held in Columbus, Ohio in 1931.
Attendees received programs with the puzzling letters J.W. on the cover.
Speaking on Isaiah 43-10, J.F. Rutherford presented a resolution.
We have great love for Brother Charles T. Russell, and we gladly acknowledge that the Lord used him and greatly blessed his work.
Yet we cannot consent to be called by the name Russellites.
The Watchtower Bible and Tracks Society and the International Bible Students Association are merely names of corporations.
We are servants of Jehovah God, commissioned to do work in His name.
Henceforth, may it be known that we are Jehovah's Witnesses.
Early editions of Zion's Watchtower reveal that the Bible students had already known God's name.
But now, their new designation would remind these Christians that knowledge brings responsibility to bear witness.
So, at that particular time, we went from being a vague group of persons who were joined together by a common interest in studying the Scriptures
to being a scriptural identity that we could stand up and be proud of.